PT-6000 UpsamplingNS Remove rgb and ned params (#761)
up42/up42-py: CHANGELOG.md

For more information, see [UP42 Python package description](https://pypi.org/project/up42-py/).

### 2.5.0a1
**July 22, 2025**

> - Remove `rgb` and `ned` params from `UpsamplingNS` job template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed `rgb` and `ned` parameters from the `UpsamplingNS` job template.
```
